⚠️ Move Status.APIEndpoints to Spec.ControlPlaneEndpoint (#1789)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/providers/v1alpha2-to-v1alpha3.md

- The function has been modified to reflect the rename of `Status.ErrorReason` to `Status.FailureReason` and `Status.ErrorMessage` to `Status.FailureMessage`.

## External objects will need to rename `Status.ErrorReason` and `Status.ErrorMessage`

- As a follow up to the changes mentioned above - for the `external.FailuresFrom` function to retain its functionality, external objects
(e.g., AWSCluster, AWSMachine, etc.) will need to rename the fields as well.
-  `Status.ErrorReason` should be renamed to `Status.FailureReason`
-  `Status.ErrorMessage` should be renamed to `Status.FailureMessage`

## The field `Cluster.Status.APIEndpoints` is removed in favor of `Cluster.Spec.ControlPlaneEndpoint`

- The slice in Cluster.Status has been removed and replaced by a single APIEndpoint field under Spec.

> - Infrastructure provider MUST expose their ControlPlaneEndpoint under `Cluster.Spec.ControlPlaneEndpoint` and optionally remove the APIEndpoints field from their InfraCluster.Status struct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Infrastructure providers MUST expose a ControlPlaneEndpoint field in their cluster infrastructure resource at `Spec.ControlPlaneEndpoint`. They may optionally remove the `Status.APIEndpoints` field (Cluster API no longer uses it).
```
